Release v7.0.0 (#558)
bugsnag/bugsnag-unity: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 7.0.0 (2022-05-30)

> This version contains **breaking** changes: some errors generated by the new version will no longer group in the Bugnsag dashboard with equivalent errors generated by older versions. This is due to the introduction of a new exception interceptor that intercepts the C# exceptions objects, rather than parsing the information from Unity logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version contains **breaking** changes: some errors generated by the new version will no longer group in the Bugnsag dashboard with equivalent errors generated by older versions. This is due to the introduction of a new exception interceptor that gets passed the C# exception objects, rather than having to parse the information from Unity logs.
```

# Changelog

## 7.0.0 (2022-04-23)

> This version contains **breaking** changes, as bugsnag-unity has been updated to use a more advanced Exception interceptor and existing grouping between errors in the Bugsnag dashboard may be broken.

Reviewer 2: "broken" suggests not working, whereas we mean it has changed. How about:

```suggestion
This version contains **breaking** changes in the grouping of errors on the Bugsnag dashboard due to the introduction of a new exception interceptor that directly reports the thrown C# exceptions, rather than obtaining this information from Unity's logging mechanism. 
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version contains **breaking** changes: some errors generated by the new version will no longer group in the Bugnsag dashboard with equivalent errors generated by older versions. This is due to the introduction of a new exception interceptor that intercepts the C# exceptions objects, rather than parsing the information from Unity logs.
```

Please see the [upgrade guide](./UPGRADING.md) for details of all the changes and instructions on how to upgrade.

In addition to the changes mentioned in the upgrade guide, the bundled Bugsnag Android Notifier has been updated. See below for details.

> * Update bugsnag-android to v5.22.3

Reviewer 2: Maybe a good time to adopt a more brief syntax for this?

https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-unreal/blob/next/CHANGELOG.md?plain=1#L13-L14

Author: Done 👍
